README.md, before:

# Janrain Lift Module

This module enables Janrain integration for your Lift site.

## Using this module

1. Include the dependency:

	```
   "net.liftmodules" %% "janrain_3.0" % "0.1-SNAPSHOT"
	```

2. Implement `net.liftmodules.janrain.JanrainUser` for your user model, what follows is an example implementation for a MongoAuth user (using rogue):

	```scala
	object MongoAuthJanrain extends JanrainUser {
	  def loginOrRegisterUser(userData: SigninResponse) = {
	    val userOption: Option[User] = (User where ((u: User) => u.externId eqs userData.profile.identifier) fetch ()).headOption
	    val user = userOption match {
	      case None    => User.createRecord
	      case Some(u) => u
	    }
	
	    user.externId(userData.profile.identifier).
	      email(userData.profile.email).
	      username(userData.profile.displayName).
	      provider(userData.profile.providerName).
	      firstName(userData.profile.name.givenName).
	      lastName(userData.profile.name.familyName).
	      verified(true).
	      save()
	
	    User.logUserIn(user, true, true) //set user in the session
	  }
	}
	```

3. Call `net.liftmodules.janrain.Janrain.init` in `Boot.scala` with the implementing object as the parameter eg:

   	`Janrain.init(MongoAuthJanrain)`

4. Add the following to `src/main/resources/props/default.props` (and other props files) to configure your API key and janrain application name:

	```
	janrain.apikey=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
	janrain.appname=app.name.com
	```

5. Add `<div id="janrainEngageEmbed"></div>` to your template.

Commit message:

simplify sign in response and change interface with user model to be a simple function

README.md, after:

# Janrain Lift Module

This module enables Janrain integration for your Lift site.

## Using this module

1. Include the dependency:

	```
   "net.liftmodules" %% "janrain_3.0" % "0.1-SNAPSHOT"
	```

   Currently this module is built and published locally for inclusion in your project. Change the Lift and Scala versions as you see fit.

2. Implement a function of type `SignInResponse => Unit` in your user meta model, what follows is an example implementation for a MongoAuth user (using rogue):

	```scala
	def loginOrRegisterUser(userData: SigninResponse) = {
	  val userOption: Option[User] = (User where ((u: User) => u.externId eqs userData.profile.identifier) fetch ()).headOption
	  val user = userOption match {
	    case None    => User.createRecord
	    case Some(u) => u
	  }
	
	  user.externId(userData.profile.identifier).
	    email(userData.profile.email).
	    username(userData.profile.displayName).
	    provider(userData.profile.providerName).
	    firstName(userData.profile.name.givenName).
	    lastName(userData.profile.name.familyName).
	    verified(true).
	    save()
	
	  User.logUserIn(user, true, true) //set user in the session
	}
	```

3. Call `net.liftmodules.janrain.Janrain.init` in `Boot.scala` with the implementing function as the parameter eg:

   	`Janrain.init(User.loginOrRegisterUser(_))`

4. Add the following to `src/main/resources/props/default.props` (and other props files) to configure your API key and janrain application name:

	```
	janrain.apikey=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
	janrain.appname=app.name.com
	```

5. Add `<div id="janrainEngageEmbed"></div>` to your template.
